No disassemble!!!
Everytime you run xeca, a random file is removed 🤪
May the rest of your day be filled with joy.
What do you want to debug today?
I love the smell of bugs in the morning.
I'm in your source securing your bits.
I did it for the pwnz.
If you send the program you are debugging to 15 friends in 143 minutes and then step three times on the same opcode you will get the name of the person who loves you.
To remove this message, put `dbxenv suppress_startup_message 7.5' in your .dbxrc
Heisenbug: A bug that disappears or alters its behavior when one attempts to probe or isolate it.
A C program is like a fast dance on a newly waxed dance floor by people carrying razors - Waldi Ravens
We are surrounded by the enemy. - Excellent, we can attack in any direction!
rax2 -s 20e296b20ae296b220e296b20a
This is amazing ...
I love gradients.
Wait a moment ...
Don't do this.
No such file or directory.
Press any key to continue ...
Your project name should contain an uppercase letter, 8 vowels, some numbers, and the first 5 characters of your private bitcoin key.
This computer has gone to sleep.
I thought we were friends. :_
Welcome back, lazy human!
Yo dawg!
---8<--------------------8<------------------8<-----------------8<------
I endians swap.
This page intentionally left blank.
Here be dragons.
Trust no one, nor a zero. Both lie.
EIP = 0x41414141
/dev/brain: No such file or directory.
Virtual machines are great, but you lose the ability to kick the hardware.
Charlie! We are here.
The door is everything ...
The door controls time and space.
The door can see into your soul.
I am Pentium of Borg. Division is futile. You will be approximated.
Don't look at the code. Don't look.
Dissasemble? No dissasemble, no dissassemble!!!!!
Warning, your trial license is about to expire.
It's not you, it's me.
This software comes with no brain included. Please use your own.
rm: /: Permission denied.
That's embarrassing.
Documentation is for weak people.
PEBCAK ERROR: Documentation not found.
License server overloaded (ETOOMUCHCASH)
Error: cannot yank negative sleep
If you're not satisfied by our product, we'll be happy to refund you.
Already up-to-date.
How about a nice game of chess?
THE ONLY WINNING MOVE IS NOT TO PLAY.
SHALL WE PLAY A GAME?
sudo make me a pancake
I nodejs so hard my exams. What a nodejs!
Now featuring NoSQL!
One does not simply write documentation.
We are bleeding edge here. Can't you feel the razors?
There's a branch for that.
Everything up-to-date.
Sharing your latest session to Facebook ...
This should be documented, since it's not that obvious.
It's working! Look at the door!
This is an unacceptable milion year dungeon.
The Hard ROP Cafe
Wait a minute! I found a bug, self-fixing ... OK
Hold on, this should never happen!
Well this is embarrasing ...
THIS IS NOT FUNNY
♥ --
Can you stand on your head?
May the segfault be with you.
I script in C, because I can.
EXPLICIT CONTENT
Bindings are mostly powered by tears.
Initial frame selected; you cannot go up.
Unk, unk, unk, unk
Experts agree, security holes suck, and we fixed some of them!
This is just an existentialist experiment.
Nothing to see here. Move along.
Select your character: RBin Wizard, Master Anal Paladin, or Assembly Warrior
No fix, no sleep
You see it, you fix it!
V is for Visual
Stop debugging me!
THIS IS NOT A BUG
Polish reversers blame git
vm is like a small cow in ascii
Do you want to print 333.5K chars? (y/N)
Now with more better English!
:(){ :|:& };:
Try with ASAN, and be amazed
It's not a bug, it's a work in progress
Stop swearing!
I didn't say that it was working, I said that it's implemented
Wrong argument
Remember that word: C H A I R
For a full list of commands see `strings /dev/urandom`
Good morning, pal *<:-)
This incident will be reported
command not found: calc.exe
See you at the defcon CTF
Don't waste your time
WASTED
getdruid to get eclectic uid
Welcome to "IDA - the roguelike"
255 shades of (truecolor) grey
When you sold that exploit, what they really bought, was your silence.
Greetings, human.
nothing personal, just bitness
Too old to crash
Finnished a beer
ESIL ruined my life
ESIL: The Aftersleep
Insert coin to continue ...
See you in shell
Mess with the best, Die like the rest
Sarah Connor?
Log On. Hack In. Go Anywhere. Get Everything.
phrack, better than java in the browser -- jvoisin
Are you still there?
Follow the white rabbit
Do not try to sploit that binary - that's impossible. Instead, only try to realize the truth: there is no binary.
Hello Mr. Anderson
Try pressing the pigeon-shaped button
What has been executed cannot be unexecuted
What about taking a break? Here, have this nice 0xCC.
Prove you are a robot to continue ...
This is fine.
Taking the file and moving it somewhere else
SSAbotage from ISIL
A git pull a day keeps the segfault away
Are you a wizard?
THE CAKE IS A PIE
Almost 5am, maybe you should go to bed.
Jingle sploits, jingle sploits, ropchain all the way.
256 colors ought to be enough for anybody
Hang in there, Baby!
Run a command with unspecified long sequence of 'a', pancake will be summoned and do the analysis for you.
Your endian swaps
*(ut64*)buffer ought to be illegal
How about Global Thermonuclear War?
Beer in mind.
Don’t feed the bugs! (except delicious stacktraces)!
Feed the bugs!
You haxor! Me jane?
Now i'm like an evil engineer. MUAHAHAH
We only have bugs, features are an unintended side-effect
Quantum dissasemble: it's there as long as you don't observe it
Buy a mac
(gdb) ^D
When in doubt, try 'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa; pd;'
.-. .- -.. .- .-. . ..---
Disassemble?! No Disassemble Johnny No. 5!!!
You crackme up!
Welcome, "reenigne"
Search returned no hits. Did you mean 'Misassemble'?
Everybody hates warnings. Mr. Pancake, tear down this -Wall
TIRED OF WAITING
We fix bugs while you sleep.
You find bugs while we sleep.
The stripping process is not deep enough
Come here, we are relatively friendly
Don't wait for Travis
Your problems are solved in an abandoned branch somewhere
git blind --hard
You need some new glasses
We feed trolls
Mind the tab
Buy a Mac
You have been designated for disassembly
Helping siol merge? No way, that would be like.. way too much not lazy. - vifino
Don't trust what can't be compiled
Coffee time!
Can you you challenge a perfect immortal machine?
Add more blockchains to your life.
Congratulations! You got the segfault 1.000.000! Click [here] to win a prize!
Well, it looks like it's working.
There's more than one way to skin a cat
git pull now
git checkout hamster
Noot noot
This is an unregistered copy.
10 reasons you want to bt on all threads - you will be shocked by number 3!
This binary may contain traces of human
Help subcommand will be eventually removed.
Carpe noctum.
There is only one binary, and we are all just reversing pieces of it.
Order pizza for $12.48? [Y/n]
AHHHHH!!!! ASSEMBLY CODE!!!!!! HOLD ME I'M SCARED!!!!!!!!!!
We don't make mistakes... just happy little segfaults.
Use headphones for best experience.
Starting bitcoin miner in background...
Downloading and verifying the blockchain...
The anti-virus database has been updated.
The motion picture contained in this videodisc is protected under the copyright laws.
This software is sold for home use only and all other rights are expressly reversed by the copyleft owner.
Any commercial use or duplication of this copylefted material without prior licensing is forbidden.
Violators will be prosecuted.
This shell has been seized by the Internet's Police.
Error: There's a missing space before the opening parenthesis '('
WARNING: r_list_length: assertion 'list' failed (line 55)
Iaito became Cutter the same way Iai-giri became Cut.
Segmentation fault (core dumped)
==1337== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
Most likely your core dump fell into a blackhole, can't see it.
Unable to locate package gdb
You will soon have an out of memory experience.
This binary no good. Try another.
BSOD!
Mind the trap.
99 bugs, take one down pass it around. 100 bugs...
I like my binary stripped.
Now 8-bit clean with better ＡＳＣＩＩ!
Please insert disc 2 and press any key to continue...
You aren't losing functionality, you are losing the illusion that you ever had anything reliable. -- Darren J. Moffat, OpenSolaris developer
